Update examples how to use VersionedLayerClient and VolatileLayerClient (#58)
heremaps/here-olp-sdk-typescript: docs/examples/nodejs-read-versioned-layer.md

App works!
```

## Log in to the datastore

To work with the datastore, you need to have an [account](https://account.here.com).

> To get your account and create a test app to get app access key id and access key secret, log in to the [HERE Open Location Platform (OLP)](https://platform.here.com/admin/apps) and create a test app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get an access key id and access key secret, log in to the [HERE Open Location Platform (OLP)](https://platform.here.com/admin/apps) and create a test app.
```

> Now, you can get a token for requests to the datastore by using the @here/olp-sdk-authentification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you can get a token for requests to the datastore using the @here/olp-sdk-authentification.
```

> Log into the api. Modify our app to the following state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to the API. Modify our app to the following state:
```

## VersionedLayerClient

> When you have  the `OlpClientSettings` object, you can get catalog clients for different catalogs and read the information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have  the `OlpClientSettings` object, you can get catalog clients for different catalogs and read information.
```

> For information on a version layer following, see [the related section](https://developer.here.com/olp/documentation/get-started/dev_guide/shared_content/topics/olp/concepts/layers.html#versioned-layers) in the Get Started guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on versioned layers, see [the related section](https://developer.here.com/olp/documentation/get-started/dev_guide/shared_content/topics/olp/concepts/layers.html#versioned-layers) in the Get Started guide.
```

1. getData() - to fetch partition data
2. getPartitions() - to fetch partitions metadata

The `getData()` method expects the following arguments:

> * `dataRequest` &ndash; the `DataRequest` instanse. This class prepares data for the requests to the BlobAPI. The `getData` method can fetch partition data by the following 3 types of parameters you can provide to it. It could be next parameters (sorted by priority): `dataHandle`, `partitionId` and `quadKey`. Below you can take a look on the example of creating `DataRequest` instanse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `dataRequest` &ndash; the `DataRequest` instanse. This class prepares data for the requests to the BlobAPI. The `getData` method can fetch partition data by the following 3 types of parameters (sorted by priority): `dataHandle`, `partitionId` and `quadKey`. Below, see an example of how to create the `DataRequest` instanse.
```

> * `abortSignal` &ndash; a signal object that allows you to communicate with the request (such as a `fetch`) and, if required, abort it  using the `AbortController` object. For more information, see [`AbortSignal` documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/AbortSignal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `abortSignal` &ndash; a signal object that allows you to communicate with the request (such as the `fetch` request) and, if required, abort it  using the `AbortController` object. For more information, see [`AbortSignal` documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/AbortSignal).
```

```typescript
import { DataRequest } from "@here/olp-sdk-dataservice-read";
// DataRequest usage example
const request = new DataRequest();
// Add the `dataHandle` property.
request.withDataHandle("TEST24A111D82321A9BA9071A7EF042.042");
// Add the `PartitionId` property.
request.withPartitionId("123123123");
// Add the `QuadKey` property.
request.withQuadKey(quadKeyFromMortonCode("123121122"));

> // Also data could be added by chain like so

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Also, you can add data in the following way:
```

const requestByChain = new DataRequest().withPartitionId("123123123").withQuadKey(quadKeyFromMortonCode("123121122"));
```

Now, you can get data from the layer

```typescript
const request = new DataRequest().withDataHandle("TESTE24A111D82321A9BA9071A7EF042.042");
const result = await versionClient.getData(request);
```

The `getPartitions` method expects the following arguments:

* `QuadKeyPartitionsRequest` or `PartitionsRequest`.

> * `abortSignal` &ndash; a signal object that allows you to communicate with the request (such as a `fetch`) and, if required, abort it  using the `AbortController` object. For more information, see [`AbortSignal` documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/AbortSignal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `abortSignal` &ndash; a signal object that allows you to communicate with the request (such as the `fetch` request) and, if required, abort it  using the `AbortController` object. For more information, see [`AbortSignal` documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/AbortSignal).
```

> To fetch partitions metadata from Query API by `QuadKey`, use `QuadKeyPartitionsRequest`. It expects a quadKey, depth (from 0 to 4), and version (optional).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fetch partitions metadata from the `query` API by `QuadKey`, use `QuadKeyPartitionsRequest`. It expects a quadKey, depth (from 0 to 4) and layer version (optional).
```

const result = await versionClient.getPartitions(request);
```

> To fetch partitions metadata from the MetadataAPI, use `PartitionsRequest`. It expects version parameter (optional). If you skip version and pass an empty `PartitionsRequest` instanse, than the last layer version will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fetch partitions metadata from the `metadata` API, use `PartitionsRequest`. It expects version parameter (optional). If you skip version and pass an empty `PartitionsRequest` instanse, than the last layer version will be returned.
```
